Tutorial on periodic events (#946)
SciML/Catalyst.jl: docs/src/model_simulation/examples/periodic_events_simulation.md

## [Modelling a circadian periodic event in an ODE simulation](@id periodic_event_simulation_example_ode)
We will consider a simple circadian model, consisting of a single protein ($X$), which is phosphorylated ($X \to Xᴾ$) in the presence of light ($l$). Here, the light parameter can either be $0$ (night) or $1$ (day). We can model this using a simple periodic event which switches the value of $l$ every 12 hours (here, `%` is the [remainder operator](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/mathematical-operations/#Arithmetic-Operators)).
```@example periodic_event_example
using Catalyst
circadian_model = @reaction_network begin
    @discrete_events begin

>         12 => [l ~ (l + 1)%2]

Reviewer: MTK's events really need some attention. I really don't like this having to hardcode a parameter value (the event time) within the callback. We need a way to specify periodic and preset using symbolic variables to encode times (along with a way to avoid users having to also specify `tstop` values manually for discrete events).

Author: I guess there is a problem what to do if the parameter(s) that set the time is updated mid-simulation, but once it is decided how to deal with that it should be straightforward.

    end
 (kₚ*l,kᵢ), X <--> Xᴾ
end
```
We can now simulate this model, observing how a 24-hour cycle is reached
```@example periodic_event_example
using OrdinaryDiffEq, Plots
u0 = [:X => 150.0, :Xᴾ => 50.0]
ps = [:kₚ => 0.1, :kᵢ => 0.1, :l => 1.0]
oprob = ODEProblem(circadian_model, u0, (0.0, 100.0), ps)
sol = solve(oprob)
plot(sol)
```

## [Modelling a circadian periodic event in a jump simulation](@id periodic_event_simulation_example_ode)
While defining periodic events is easy for ODE and SDE simulations, due to how events are internally implemented, these cannot currently be used for jump simulations. Instead, we create a new model (and its corresponding `JumpProblem`), without the event:
```@example periodic_event_example
circadian_model = @reaction_network begin
 (kₚ*l,kᵢ), X <--> Xᴾ
end

using JumpProcesses
u0 = [:X => 150, :Xᴾ => 50]
ps = [:kₚ => 0.1, :kᵢ => 0.1, :l => 1.0]
dprob = DiscreteProblem(circadian_model, u0, (0.0, 100.0), ps)
jprob = JumpProblem(circadian_model, dprob, Direct())
nothing # hide
```

> Next, we implement our event through a `DiscreteCallback`. It triggers every 12 time units, and when it does, it flips the value of `l`. Since we will interface with $l$'s value multiple times, we [create specific `getl` and `setl` functions](@ref simulation_structure_interfacing_functions) to do this (in practice, due to this model's small size, the performance impact is negliable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we implement our event through a `DiscreteCallback`. It triggers every 12 time units, and when it does, it flips the value of `l`. Since we will interface with $l$'s value multiple times, we [create specific `getl` and `setl` functions](@ref simulation_structure_interfacing_functions) to do this (in practice, due to this model's small size, the performance increase is minimal).
```
Just to clarify that the impact should be a performance increase (even if minimal).

```@example periodic_event_example
getl = ModelingToolkit.getp(jprob, :l)
setl = ModelingToolkit.setp(jprob, :l)
function condition(u, t, integrator)
 (t % 12) == 0.0
end
function affect!(integrator)
    setl(integrator, (getl(integrator) + 1) % 2)
    reset_aggregated_jumps!(integrator)
end
callback = DiscreteCallback(condition, affect!)

> nothing # hide

Reviewer: Why can't you create a symbolic discrete event with the same condition in the original model? That should work right? (It is just periodic events that are broken.)

Author: Yeah, I probably just missed that. Will reimplement using that approach.

Reviewer: (It might be good to show both versions since this is a nice example of writing a custom callback at a lower-level anyways.)

Author: yeah, this works much better

```
!!! danger

>     Whenever the integrator of a jump simulator is modified, the `reset_aggregated_jumps!` function must be called (with the integrator as its input) afterwards. Omitting to do so will result in erroneous simulations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Whenever the integrator of a jump simulator is modified, the `reset_aggregated_jumps!` function must be called (with the integrator as its input) afterwards. Omitting to do so will result in simulations (incorrectly) using the old values of parameters/states internally instead of the updated values.
```

Next, if we simulate our model, we note that the events do not seem to be triggered
```@example periodic_event_example
sol = solve(jprob, SSAStepper(); callback)
plot(sol)
```
The reason is that discrete callbacks' conditions are only checked at the end of each simulation time step, and the probability that these will coincide with the callback's trigger times ($t = 12, 24, 36, ...$) is infinitely small. Hence, we must directly instruct our simulation to stop at these time points. We can do this using the `tstops` argument:
```@example periodic_event_example
tstops = 12.0:12.0:dprob.tspan[2]
sol = solve(jprob, SSAStepper(); callback, tstops)
plot(sol)
```

## [Plotting the light level](@id periodic_event_simulation_plotting_light)

> Sometimes when simulating models with periodic parameters, one would like to plot the parameter's value across the simulation. To do this, we must turn our parameter $l$ to a *variable* (so that its value is recorded throughout the simulation):

Reviewer: Shouldn't this example instead use a saving callback (https://docs.sciml.ai/DiffEqCallbacks/stable/output_saving/)? That seems preferred to making the parameter into a variable when it really isn't a variable?

Reviewer: I don't think there could be a plotting receipe since you can save anything via it if I understand correctly.

Author: right, that makes sense

Author: Right now I only make a reference to this, hopefully at some point I can look into it properly and make a full section.
